README.md, before:

# OhsomeNowStatsMock

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.3.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test --watch=false` to execute the unit tests __once__ via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests __continuously__ via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

Use Firefox in headless mode for unit tests

README.md, after:

# OhsomeNowStatsMock

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.3.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test --watch=false` to execute the unit tests __once__ via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests __continuously__ via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

__Note:__ Per default the tests are run in Firefox headless mode. For other browsers, you can use

```bash
ng test --browsers=Chrome,Firefox
```

or change the configuration in `karma.conf.js`.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
